## HOME project modules description

### home-api-tests
  - This module is responsible for storing the api tests of the application.

### home-application
 -  This module is the heart of the application.  
 -  It has all necessary configs for the application, such as security and Jersey configs.
 -  It also has a DataLoader that loads data into the database for testng purposes.
  
### home-clients
 - This module is responsible for acting as a client of our API. 
 - Code for the client side is also generated by OpenApi Generation Maven Plugin.

### home-data
 - This module is responsible for work with the data and database.  
 - Entities and repositories and are stored here.

### home-data-migration
 - This module is responsible for data migration. 
 - Liquibase is used here.
  
### home-docs
 - In this package project's documentation is stored.
  
### home-open-api
 - This module is responsible for storage and validation of the specification.  
 - It stores OpenApi 3.0 specification of our project in `.yaml` file. 
 - When you want to change something in generated code, you need to change specification firstly.
  
### home-server-generation
 - This module is responsible for generation of server side code.  
 - It has OpenApi Generation Maven Plugin in pom.xml file, which makes generation possible.
 - There's also `.mustache` files present in this module, these files are templates for the classes that will be generated.

### home-service
 - This module is responsible for service layer of the application.  
 - Services, their implementation, custom exceptions and overall business logic are stores here.
